Arrays and loops (#8)
tul1/edouard_training: arrays_and_loops/README.md

Element 3: 3, Square: 9, Odd
Element 4: 4, Square: 16, Even
Element 5: 5, Square: 25, Odd
```

Exercie 2
   
create basic array and loop over it to print simple values
   
How it works
1- Initialize an array of 5integer and odd var of type string
2- Iterate over array with value i
3- at each iteration, associate index of array with i*i

> 4- at each iteration check if modulo 2 of array index is 0 or not, if 0 then associate odd string value to odd var else associate even value to odd var

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4- at each iteration it check if the element of the array is even or odd. If `arr[i]%2==1` is true means that the number is odd. Complementary If `arr[i]%2==1` is false the number is pair (or even).
```

Element 3: 3, Square: 9, Odd
Element 4: 4, Square: 16, Even
Element 5: 5, Square: 25, Odd
```

> Array Squaring and Even/Odd Identifier

Author: done

> Array Squaring and Even/Odd Identifier

Author: i will check why env is not set correctly

This program demonstrates the use of arrays, loops, and basic mathematical operations in Go. It initializes an array of integers, computes the square of each element, and 
checks whether the number is odd or even. Additionally, the program prints the square root of each element for reference.

> How It Works

Reviewer: can you add how to run it with `test.txt` file you've added?

Author: done ; not necessary cause its not a valid file for this assignment
